Minor build-deploy chart fixes (#375)
uselagoon/lagoon-charts: charts/lagoon-build-deploy/templates/NOTES.txt

Lagoon Remote configured with target name "{{ .Values.lagoonTargetName }}", and RabbitMQ host "{{ .Values.rabbitMQHostname }}".

> Please make sure to mark the v1alpha1 CRDs as deprecated manually after installing this release:

Reviewer: What's the best way to make this super-noticeable?

```suggestion
Please ensure you install the updated CRDs manually after installing this release:

```
